Update doc for kafe2go (#159)
dsavoiu/kafe2: doc/src/parts/user_guide_kafe2go.rst

.. meta::
   :description lang=en: kafe2 - a Python-package for fitting parametric
                         models to several types of data with
   :robots: index, follow

*************
kafe2go Guide
*************

*kafe2go* is a standalone program for performing fits which comes with *kafe2*.
When using kafe2go no programming is required.
Instead all necessary information for performing a fit is defined inside a so called
`YAML <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML>`_ file.
Full examples can be found in the :ref:`beginners_guide`.

To run kafe2go issue this command in the terminal, after installing *kafe2*:

.. code-block:: bash

>     kafe2go path/to/fit.yml

Author: Maybe we should add a `kafe2go.bat` file if that helps?

>     kafe2go path/to/fit.yml

Reviewer: That is not the problem.
The problem is that Windows doesn't support shebangs.
On Windows the file extension determines how a file is interpreted.

Inside a list element, the type can be set with the ``type: matrix`` keyword and a covariance
matrix can be given via the ``matrix`` keyword like this:

.. code-block:: yaml

    parameter_constraints:
      - type: matrix
        names: [a, b]
        values: [1.3, 2.5]
        matrix: [[1.1, 0.1], [0.1, 2.4]]
      - type: simple
        name: c
        value: 5.2
        uncertainty: 0.001

Here ``type: simple`` can be omitted, as a simple gaussian constraint is assumed when no type
is given.

A covariance matrix is assumed by default for matrix constraints. Correlation matrices are
supported as well. The matrix type can be set via the ``matrix_type`` keyword.
Only ``matrix_type: cov`` for covariance matrices and ``matrix_type: cor`` for correlation matrices
are supported.

Fixing and limiting parameters
==============================
Fixing and limiting parameters is just as simple as the following example.
Please use the parameter names as they are defined inside the model function
(see: :ref:`kafe2go_model_function`).

.. code-block:: yaml

    fixed_parameters:
      a: 1
      b: 11.5
    limited_parameters:
      c: [0.0, 1.0]
      d: [-5, 5]

> Note, that a limited parameter needs a lower and an upper limit. The first value of the list is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that a limited parameter needs a lower and an upper limit. The first value of the list is the
```

lower limit and the second value is the upper limit.

> If a parameter shall be limited to only positive values, choose 0 as lower and a high value as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a parameter shall be limited to non-negative values, choose 0 as lower and a high value as
```
